Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu
Hey, Ji Won.
Hello? Ji Won.
You look pretty today.
Today? Did you say "today"?
Were you always this pretty, Seo Ji Won?
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
- So...  - Ji Won.
You go first.
Why didn't you call me?
What?
I waited for a long time.
I kept waiting and waiting, but I just couldn't bear it anymore.
Because I missed you.
I...
I think I really like you.
Why are you laughing?
But that was my sincere and earnest confession.
Do you like me?
- Yeah.  - Really?
- Yeah. - Really? So you were waiting for me?
You really like me? Really?
- You like me? For real?  - Yeah.
I like you, Seo Ji Won.
I think I like you.
I like you too.
- Really?  - Really.
I really do.
Episode 6: I'll close my eyes
You should go first.
Since we're already at my house, I'll go in after seeing you go.
You go in first. I'll leave once I see you go in.
Okay, okay.
Go in. I'll call you when I get home.
Lee Seung Yu!
Don't look back!
If you look, I think I'll be really embarrassed.
To be honest...
I was waiting too.
I was waiting for you to call me.
Thanks for coming here like this though.
You should go now. I'll go, too. Bye!
♫ No matter how many times I see you, I miss you ♫
♫ I hear you every day, but I want to hear more ♫
This feels really nice, Seo Ji Won.
♫ The blowing breeze takes out my innocent heart ♫
♫ So it can send a little your way ♫
♫ Call me tonight ♫
Ah, there's nothing fun to watch these days.
Now, it's time for our focus on culture.
Announcer Jo In Ah will start us off.
Small considerations can become great strengths.
A delivery driver who was struggling with heavy work
received a handwritten letter of gratitude and support.
The sender apologized for ordering something during a dangerous typhoon.
Hello. This is the live broadcast of Open the Morning. I am the new...
Hello. This is the live broadcast of Open the Morning...
How do you feel about your first broadcast? Are you nervous?
I'm fine.
I guess you are a natural at this.
We're about to start the live broadcast.
Are you okay?
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
- One.  - Are you okay?
Cue!
[On Air]
He said he felt recognized during the difficult times.
A film festival is being held in Europe.
Broadcaster Lee Jae Ho has more.
[Hyeong Jun Yeong]
♫ Good job on another day.
♫ Even if no one takes interest in your sadness,
What the hell is this?
♫ I’ll always cheer you on.
♫ Good job on another day.
Ran Ju, you're watching this, right?
You did really well today.
Sleep well and dream of me!
It really is the same.
I thought it would have changed a lot.
One, two, three.
My selfie is nice, right?
Hey!
Okay?
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu
Is he a ghost?
How did he know I was thinking about him?
We have a final meeting for the contract of the movie "Psycho Bride" this week.
I see, it's Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu.
That's a quick turnaround.
In that case, I should too.
Yes.
Is that too formal?
Yes, all right!
It's been a while since I've dated.
Why is it so hard?
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu
What's this? Lee Seung Yu, seriously!
Why is he making it so obvious while we're working?
Seriously!
What was that?
Yes, this is Seo Ji Won.
If you're done with your work, why don't you get some fresh air, Writer Seo?
How did you know I was done?
Well, your lights were on.
So I thought you were done.
You're a bit late.
Sorry, I was just...
I'm sick of it.
A dog that comes running just because I call.
I don't think I'll be able to make it today. Sorry.
I feel like I've just been rejected.
I don't want this relationship to fail too.
If I let my heart get ahead of me,
I'm afraid that Lee Seung Yu might get sick of me.
Let's watch a movie after you sign the contract.
This is me making an appointment ahead of time.
So things are supposed to be pretty natural now?
I missed you.
Really?
Didn't you miss me?
Are you crazy?
Why? Are you embarrassed?
Do you feel disgraced?
That's how I felt every day after breaking up with you.
I'll say what I couldn't say then.
We should break up now.
SN Media VIP Premiere
- Hello.  - Hello.
- Let's talk for a while after the movie ends. You're free, right?  - Yes.
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu?
Yes! Please go ahead.
Hello. It's nice to meet you.
Look at that.
He said we'd watch a movie together,
but he really called me here to work.
So much for a date!
Writer Seo.
- Ah, you're here.  - You're a bit late.
We keep running into each other. It's so uncomfortable.
Do I have to keep seeing him?
Is Lee Seung Yu getting revenge on me right now?
No wonder he left without making a fuss that day.
Even though I've become old enough to get used to this,
my heart flutters every time he does this.
I'm not sure if this is because Lee Seung Yu is my first love,
or if it's because I'm dating after a long time.
Come to your senses.
What is this?
Ah, seriously.
♫ I'm going to open the locked door ♫
♫ I'm going to find the road to you ♫
♫ I'm going to wake you up ♫
Great job.
Announcer Lee Ran Ju, thanks to you, I had a lot of fun in today's broadcast.
Oh no, I'm the one who's always grateful.
There's no one who understands and analyzes cultural arts better than you.
I'm flattered. I will work even harder.
- Then I'll take my leave.  - Head back safely!
We should probably replace the host, right?
How about having a younger idol host it?
Where do we get an idol who has studied liberal arts?
What else can we do?
The director wants us to increase the ratings immediately.
That means that Announcer Lee would lose her only program.
How do we tell her that?
Oh my god! What if she heard us?
I don't think so.
What should I do?
Damn it!
Stay calm, Lee Ran Ju.
I need to stay calm.
What are you doing?
We should finish our date.
Who said I would wait?
Did I get some soda on my hand?
What's this? Lee Seung Yu likes these kinds of things too?
Lee Seung Yu. Heart...
LSY ♡ LHR
Yes, thank you. Goodbye.
You waited a long time, right? Events like this are always chaotic.
Thanks for inviting me to such a chaotic event.
Now let's go somewhere where it'll be just the two of us.
Who said I wanted to go?
You'll regret it if you don't.
It might just be his ex-girlfriend.
That's definitely possible.
Let's check out this place. I think you'll like it.
Perhaps. I'm not sure if it'll fit my taste.
That's true. Just look at me.
How could you say such a thing?
Seriously!
Lee Hye Ryeong
LSY ♡ LHR
Who's calling at this hour?  [Lee Hye Ryeong]
Lee Hye Ryeong
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
♫ In all the seasons, we're always the same ♫
♫ Our hearts don't change ♫
How To Be Thirty
My friend isn't usually that harsh.
She's doing it on purpose. She's afraid she'll fall for me.
If you just want to play with Ran Ju, then put your feelings away sooner rather than later.
But I do want to play with her. I want to know her and see her.
I want to do everything with her.
When you found out that bastard was cheating, how come you didn't say anything?
The look in his eyes were shaky.
Did you really... love that man?
Director Cha Do Hoon seems like an odd person.
I have something to tell you.
♫ Feelings flutter in the spring ♫